Guys, fall is here.
You're excited, yeah?
Yeah.
[HORI]
Yeah?
-Yeah.
We weathered the swimming crisis
over summer.
Only for an autumn challenge
to rear its ugly head.
I'm aware. It sucks.
[ISHIKAWA]
They holding a wake over there?
The party's here!
And he has his class's sports
day team assignments, oh yeah!
Oh, wait.
Do I not hand 'em off
to you guys?
No. You do.
Feels as if sports day
creeps closer and closer
every time a class
turns in a form.
Hate to break it to you, pal,
but it is getting closer
every time.
[screams]
-Let's pray for rain!
-Let's do a rain dance!
[MIRAMUYA, SENGOKU]
Rain dance! Rain dance!
-[MIRAMUYA, SENGOKU] Rain dance!
-Hey, everyone.
-Our roster's ready.
-Rain dance! Rain dance! Rain-!
-What's going on?
So each class
decides their teams
by having students draw lots?
They're divided by sex first,
then assigned teams.
It keeps things balanced.
Then, yes,
I assume they draw lots.
[SENGOKU] It's not really
the type of thing
one can decide
through discussion.
Not too sure I'm on board
with making "enemies"
out of our classmates,
you know what I mean?
Me neither.
Glad the two of us
are on the same team, at least.
Which team are you on, Sengoku?
The East.
Yay!
Don't go "Yay" just because
we aren't on the same team!
-[HORI] Sengoku.
-Huh?
-Do the East proud.
-[SENGOKU] Seriously?
So, as fate would have it,
you and Miyamura split up.
Nothing has been split.
Your lip might, though.
[SENGOKU]
I meant for sports day.
[HORI] Toru and Miyamura
can eat our dust!
[SENGOKU]
'Kay. Good luck to you.
[HORI]
I said "Our dust".
^Iura and Yuki
are also on the East team!
[SENGOKU]
You're kidding me.
With those gung-ho teammates,
no way am I gonna be able
to stay out of sight
and do nothing.
[ISHIKAWA]
Such a loaded confession,
yet spoken so casually.
[KONO] I thought he was absent,
but he was just slacking off.
[ISHIKAWA]
Oh! The girls are performing
a cheer routine, right?
Will you be cheering, too?
Sakura?
Will I cheer? Yes. I will.
Even if we possess
no sense of rhythm at all,
it's mandatory.
Hey. Your voice
went down a few octaves.
-Gotta make our pom-poms, yeah?
-Indeed.
I hope the routine
isn't too hard.
I haven't even asked
if you're East or West.
-West, thankfully. Remi is, too.
-Meaning we'll be rivals.
At least you'll have Toru
and Miyamura.
[KONO] I'm on the same team
as Ishikawa.
And he's going to see me
out there,
flailing like an idiot!
[screams] Can rhythmless people
rain dance, you think?
-Yes!
-Come and chant with me!
[KONO, SENGOKU]
Rain dance! Rain dance!
-Rain dance! Rain dance!
-Is the student council okay?
What's his deal?
I mean, the guy's been a klutz
since we were little kids, sure.
But as our student council
president,
he has got to suck it up.
So I take it his clumsiness
didn't make him much
of an athlete, huh?
Not at all.
Always crying and falling down.
It'd be nice
if he could take a page
out of Sota's book.
You, think? 'Cause I, uh...
[sighs]
I don't have any good sports day
memories either,
so I sympathize.
You're lightning on your feet,
which makes you
a great competitor
for the hundred meter!
-Bleh.
-Don't give me "Bleh!"
What you should be giving
is your all!
'Cause I intend to give it
the exact same!
So absolutely zero slacking,
or else!
As far as sports go,
I'm really not
that gifted either.
But I think
I'll surpass last year.
Call it a hunch.
[MIYAMURA] You honestly want me
to go all out in that race?
[HORI]
Mm-hm!
And you want me to cheer
when I'm on the sidelines?
Yep, that's right!
Then, when I take the field,
will you cheer for me?
Of course, I will, duh!
[MIYAMURA] We're
on different teams, though.
Well-- Yeah, I know that.
But I'll still be watching.
Right.
How strange.
I wanted it to be over
as soon as possible before.
[MIYAMURA] But now I'm genuinely
looking forward to it.
[SHINDO] Yo, Miyamura!
Can I swing by tomorrow night?
Sorry, but, no.
Gotta prep for sports day.
[SHINDO]
Really?
My school held our sports day
back in June.
What events are you doing?
Or are you skipping?
[MIYAMURA]
I'm still debating,
but I might do
the hundred-meter dash. Maybe.
Whoa.
[SHINDO]
Someone sounds motivated.
[MIYAMURA]
Yeah. Surprisingly, I am.
[laughs]
Well, cool.
[SHINDO] Might have to come,
see this passion firsthand!
No, don't you dare.
[MIYAMURA]
I'd be willing to bet anything.
The days ahead will be
a bit crazier than usual.
[STUDENT 1]
That's it for today, girls.
Good work!
[panting]
It so hard.
[KONO] I'm the only one
having trouble with the moves.
I'll be as humiliated
as I was last sports day.
Maybe more.
Because this year,
Ishikawa could see me
make a fool of myself.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Hey there, Kono.
-[KONO] Yoshikawa.
-Are you alright?
You aren't feeling sick,
-are you?
-No!
-That's not it!
-Okay, then. What's wrong?
Guess I'm wiped from practicing
our cheer routine.
Omigosh, we had practice
and I spaced!
Oh. I'm a West team member,
so you should be fine.
Gotcha. Hope the East
didn't rehearse.
There's not a sporty bone
in my body.
And I have no rhythm.
Cheering takes a toll on me.
Never mind,
forget I said any of that!
I think
I'll practice a little extra
before heading home.
Right, pump.
Then left goes twice.
[KONO] Then right or,
was it left again?
[YOSHIKAWA] Um, that looks like
the part both teams do.
It, uh...
-Right first!
-Huh?
When your right hand goes up,
put your left to your chest.
-Do it with me!
-Uh. sure.
Next, do two pumps on the left!
Then turn your whole body
and throw a left punch!
Oh, right, the punching part.
Put both hands up
and shakey-shake, shake!
[YOSHIKAWA]
One, two, three, four!
[KONO]
One, two, three, four.
[YOSHIKAWA]
One, two, three, four!
Right, punch. Now left.
-Then shakey, shakey, shakey!
-[SENGOKU] Wait.
I thought those two
were on opposing teams.
I'd rather not do the cheer.
-See? You're killing it!
-Thanks to you.
[SENGOKU]
As long as they're having fun.
[KONO] I have nothing
but love for Sengoku and Remi.
I really do.
All you had to do was mix.
You're mad, aren't you?
Whatever emotion
I may be processing now
is entirely beside the point.
Should Remi mix in this?
You have to read the labels
more carefully,
or risk botching
the entire thing!
Wait, that isn't right.
Try this stuff here.
No! Apart from reading
the labels,
you have to read the recipe
as well, Sengoku!
It's getting everywhere!
Though it says "Salt",
is it actually salt,
or something else?
Most things labeled "Salt"
are going to be salt, okay?
And why's our workstation
messier than a death scene
from a horror movie?
Their group isn't done mixing
in the ingredients yet?
Class is just about over.
[KONO]
Chop the veggies, Sengoku.
You can handle that, right?
Me? Wi-with weaponry?
-Peel it!
-Uh. Slipped my mind.
How slippery is your mind
to not see the skin?
[gasps] What's Remi doing?
Are you a killer?
No! You hereby lose
all knife privileges!
Remi wants to slice up
veggies, too.
Then learn
how to hold kitchen knives!
I'm gonna have nightmares
about that sight for a week!
You just stir this
very carefully
while I add in the ingredients.
Nothing less,
and not a smidge more, okay?
Oh, just stirring?
Piece of cake!
[SENGOKU]
Ow.
I cut me.
'Least it's small, though.
[KONO]
Wash it with soap,
and then we'll get you
a bandage.
[SENGOKU]
Oh, right.
[KONO] Come on, soldier.
Let's patch you up.
Sakura. Hey!
Think this is good?
Looks yummy!
[AYASAKI]
Time to add that stuff in! Wait.
Why is it all wibbly?
[sigh] Are you finished?
Is it supposed to look this way?
It's smoking like a chimney!
[STUDENT 2]
Quick, we need ventilation!
[STUDENT 3]
Ack! It's making my eyes sting!
[STUDENT 4]
Open the windows!
[KONO]
Even now...
the memories of
our last cooking class haunt me.
Look me in the eye.
[AYASAKI, SENGOKU]
But you're angry.
[KONO]
Look at me so you understand!
What will we be making today?
[AYASAKI, SENGOKU]
Curry.
[KONO]
Good.
Now what ingredients
did you bring?
-A radish.
-Why, though?
-Tofu.
-But, why?
Are daikon radishes
included in the curry
you eat at home, Sengoku?
Well, uh.
No, I don't believe they are.
Then what's it doing here?
The only time I've seen curry,
it's been fully cooked in a pot
and ready to go.
Wasn't sure how to start,
but the radish felt
like a good choice.
Any veggie
you actually see in curry
would've been a better choice.
Then placing all those
vegetables around the pot
slowly brings forth the curry.
No! We're cooking it!
Our entire class
lowered their standards
and picked curry in hopes
you would be able to do this.
Okay. If not curry,
what can you make?
-Pasta.
-Croquettes.
The prepackaged food
you simply have to unwrap
and warm-up doesn't qualify
-as a dish you make.
-I, I know that!
Luckily, I brought stuff, too,
so let's start
by cutting up the--
Your knife privilege
was revoked!
I want you to pay
very close attention
to what you're doing, Sengoku.
[KONO]
He-- he's gotten better!
Wow. When did you become
an expert peeler, huh?
Awesome job!
Once peeled, we'll--
Um, the potato disappeared!
[KONO] 'Cause you whittled it
to nothing!
The onion disappeared, too!
[KONO] You're supposed
to stop peeling at some point!
[sighs]
Thank goodness
our classmates saw this coming.
All the other groups donated
a portion of their curry to us.
[AYASAKI, SENGOKU]
They know us too well.
Sengoku will be in charge
of heating the pot.
Remi can plate the rice
while we wait.
Will dreams be the only place
I win at cooking?
Work hard enough,
and those dreams will come true.
[KONO] Why in the world
are the flames so high?
-High heat means high flames.
-No way! That was high heat?
You lie. What did you do?
[AYASAKI]
Sakura.
Remi tried, but, she's so sorry!
[AYASAKI] The rice I made
somehow turned into gruel.
Please don't cry.
Just let it go.
-Rice gruel is fine, yeah?
-Uh, yeah!
We have to eat Remi rice gruel
with gooey curry now?
Yes. Bon Appetit.
[KONO]
Hey, it's pretty good.
Isn't it, Remi?
Yeah. Wish the rice was cooked
all the way, though.
-Thanks a lot for sharing.
-It's totally cool, I promise.
Hope things turn out better
next time.
I'm sorry. Again.
-[AYASAKI] Remi's a failure.
-No, you aren't!
We all have things
we don't really excel at.
One thing you'll excel at
is being someone's wife.
Cooking isn't the only thing
that makes or breaks a spouse.
You can't deny
it's definitely an advantage.
So what should Remi do?
No soul on Earth
will wanna marry me.
Me either.
No cooking skills,
no wedding rings.
Don't you worry.
If nobody else will have you,
I'll take both your hands
in marriage.
[SENGOKU]
You will?
[AYASAKI] Thank you, Sakura!
You're so cool!
[CLASS]
Kono is boyfriend material.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Ta-da! Sports day T-shirts!
All the West shirts
are over there.
This one here's a medium.
-What size are you? A medium?
-No, uh, I'm a large.
So small?
Let's save the smalls
for girls.
No mercy for the West!
I'm just playing with you!
Who's gonna pick up
this pushover's slack?
So, absolutely zero slacking,
or else, Miyamura!
That sounds like something
a pushover-over would say.
Way too many overs!
-Hey, Yoshikawa.
-Huh?
There a large
West shirt in there?
Sure is.
Shouldn't you be helping me,
since you're also
on the committee?
I want my shirt, too!
Got any East smalls?
[STUDENT 5] Yoshikawa!
Where are the West mediums?
[STUDENT 6] Ooh, yeah!
And can I get a West small?
Is this a joke? You needy jerks.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Get your own!
Well, anyway.
What sports day events
did you sign up for?
I went with
the hundred-meter dash.
You could always join the relay.
What? No,
that's too much pressure!
Members of the track team
compete in that one.
Not exclusively, though.
Back when he was a first-year,
Shu participated.
And was thoroughly smoked,
of course.
[groans]
Well, at least the East
has the president on their side.
Truth.
Honestly, that alone should be
enough to up our odds, huh?
Really hoping he doesn't decide
to play hooky.
This sports day
will be our last one.
-He'll come.
-Please rain!
Guys have to do topple-the-pole,
and there's also the mock
cavalry battle.
Apart from those and cheering,
the rest is all co-ed.
And speaking of,
cheer practice looks rough.
[MIYAMURA] But there's a payoff
for that hard work.
[STUDENT 7]
Hori, you look great.
-OMG! So stinkin' cool!
-Really?
You have to wear that!
[HORI]
Well, Miyamura? You like?
I feel betrayed.
[MIAMURA]
Not really what I had in mind.
[YASUDA] Listen up,
'cause this can get confusing.
In this particular sentence,
this noun here gets modified.
Got it?
Remember, a modifying noun
gives more information
[ISHIKAWA] It's the return
of the ice queen.
[YADUDA]
AKA the noun being modified.
Still with me so far?
[ISHIKAWA]
I hear spirits knocking!
Now, next to read is Hori.
That's mine.
[YASUDA]
Um, ease up on the emotion
and translate it. If you please.
[HORI]
Get away from her, dummy.
And where are you pulling
that from?
I swear,
she forgot her book, is all.
Yeah? So?
So, for today.
I let her share mine.
Oh, please no!
What are you freaking out about?
The fact that you're furious
with me right now.
Hey. You're afraid
when I haven't said a word?
I'm not hiding
anything at all, Hori.
But you won't believe me.
What? Of course, I believe you,
but that's not even
what this is about!
It's, uhh...
Oh, never mind.
[laughs]
Jealous Hori
is such a scary version of you.
Me, jealous?
Now don't be silly, Yuki.
I was more murderous.
For his sake, turn that feeling
into jealousy starting today.
-Is it just you?
-What?
Who acts super jelly?
Does he get like that, too?
Oh, Miyamura.
Um...
-It's fine!
-Thanks, Yuki.
-Look who it is.
-[HORI] Ditto!
For both of you!
Guess the gang's all here.
Almost through with painting,
Yoshikawa?
Yeah, just about.
Good. Hear the announcement?
They just called
for every third year
on the sports day committee
to come.
Said we gotta be quick
about it, too.
Well,
they'll be waiting a while.
-I can do this for you.
-Aw, you--
What grade did you manage
to pull in art class?
Look, that's not relevant,
so just get going
and leave this to me.
Thank you, Hori!
I'll hurry right back after,
okay?
Mm-hmm.
All I have to do
is stay inside the lines.
Easy enough.
Don't need an A in art
to do this, Yuki.
[sneeze]
[groan]
Ah, wish I thought
to wear my blazer today.
I bet. This fall weather
has been pretty chilly.
Mizouchi.
You're so lucky.
I would kill for a pair of pants
right now.
Wait--
Won't be so cold
if you keep that over your lap.
Just give it back
when you're done.
Um, hey! One minor thing!
I might get paint on it.
[MIYAMURA]
Hi, Hori!
-Done yet?
-Thanks for the jump scare.
And, no, I'm not done.
Whose is that?
Mizouchi's.
I said I'd kill for some pants,
and...
He gave me this.
♪
It's warmer than the blazer.
Yeah, well. I have been wearing
it, so that makes sense.
Thank you.
-[sighs]
-Miyamura!
-How is he gonna know?
-I guess that's true.
Do you wanna give me a hand?
Don't think I've ever painted
like this before.
Oh, but you went outside
the line here.
[sneezes]
Hori. You warm?
Yeah, thanks.
This really helped.
[MIZOUCHI]
Sure you're not cold?
[HORI]
Mmhm!
If you need something else,
let me know.
Yeah, that's right.
Strut away in the exact
opposite direction from Hori.
[MIYAMURA]
Completely oblivious
that it's my body heat
you're feeling now.
[HORI]
Honestly.
[gasp]
Are you jealous?
You really are!
[giggling]
You can stop anytime, Giggles.
Huh. I just saw her
drape it over her legs,
but for some reason the sleeves
feel nice and warm, too.
♪